Relieved of her powers, the just-debuted superhero Lucky Girl was now ordinary Gwen Tennyson once more.
Destroying all the charms was right, that's what she thought when it really came down to it.
Still...
It felt way easier walking with her head low. When tilted to her left, glimpses of Ben's wrist swung into view. 

? Maybe it's one of the rules of fate...'Only one hero per group'. ?

A hand snatched at air and instead clutched her chest. 
Yep. No necklace. No charm. No powers. No Lucky Girl.
She quickly dropped her hand, don't want to be caught looking so glum.

? I mean, beaning that Hex creep was pretty cool. ? 

? It's hard to say that I didn't help save the day, just being me. ?

That made her smile, she knew that dwelling was just gonna make her grumpy. Even with the underlying dissatisfaction, her head turned up and she even morphed into a more jaunty stride, marching a couple of steps behind Max and Ben.
As the trio walked out of the cemetary, a unique mound of rocks appeared at the exit. 'Unique' for two reasons. First was the most obvious to Gwen - a relaxed figure sitting cross-legged on the pile.
She raised a joyful hand, "Hey!! Alex!"
The figure pleasantly waved back, but as she approached, she noticed the second 'unique' thing about these stones. 
Smooth and lumpy rocks started getting shapes, corners and detail. A large torso-like piece sat on its side, with carved abs laid broken along where a waist, arms and neck would connect. This was where Alex sat, surrounded by innumerable rubble with a snarling head on the ground, facing the Tennysons as they approached. 

? It's one of the cemetary gargoyles that Hex had brought to life! ?

Alex pointed down, "Caught this one trying to get a runnin--well,  flying start back into the cemetary. Took him out with one of my rings. Felt you all probably had enough to deal with it there."
"Wow." Gwen stepped in front of the remains, wondering how good Alex's magic is that they could down one of these statues so easily.
Almost reading her mind, Alex spoke up again, "Don't feel too awestruck, it was a sneak attack from below. Never regret not giving the baddies a chance to react."
Max chuckled, "Well, we do appreciate you helping out. Judging from the sirens, Hex is about a car ride away from prison cell."
"So, you dispossessed him of the Charms?"
Gwen sighed heavily, "Yeah, I destroyed them."
"You--? Destroyed them?" Alex was uncharacteristically taken aback, "How?"
Ben jumped in at this, "It was awesome! She took a shovel and smashed them to pieces. All kinds of glowy stuff flew of them, you should've seen it!"
A slow nod met this news, "That explains the massive amount of magical energy pouring out...You broke them all?"
Gwen initially struggled over responding but quickly gained confidence, standing up proudly, "It was the last act of heroism as Lucky Girl! Besides, those charms were not being used for any good, too dangerous - better to just do away with them."
They casually turned away, scratching their scalp, "Perhaps, but to remove all six, not even to keep one."
"Wait, six?" Gwen quickly asked.
The three instantly looked up at Alex, "Huh? Oh, uh..."
Suddenly, memories started swirling in Gwen's mind, thoughts of what she researched, and explicitly of reading of six Charms of Bezel. 
Her eyes widened at this recollection, "Oh, my, gosh! No. But...there can't be. Hex needed all the Charms to use the spellbook. He would have known if there was one missing!"
"Yeah!" Ben chimed in, "If there was any other of those charm-thingies, them he would have gone after it instead of trying to blow up the city!"
Alex shrugged, "Oh, yeah, yeah. I just misspoke. But, hey, there being six could just
be a miscommunication of the facts. Happens surprisingly often with arcane matters."
Ben immediately cracked up, "Yeah! There's no way any more exist. They're way too powerful to just be unclaimed, right?!" He laughed with a unaware humor. 
The other three stayed silent, glancing at each with quite thoughts on their faces.

? ...But that site was correct about everything else. Maybe it was just one unlucky mistake? ?

"Haaah, anyway," Alex spoke up again, "that's for another day. If at all. Hey, Gwen, I got you something..."
The ten year-old's eyes lit up, "Really?! Wha--What did you get me?"
"Is it one of your rings?!" Ben yelled, "I'd love to play around with one of those!"
"Hey, did your ears get filled with gargoyle dust? He said it was a gift for me!"
"Psssh, whatever, I totally would've shared with you if I got a gift."
"No, you wouldn't!"
"Would too!"
"Would not!"
Max stepped in, "Hey, cut it out you two! Haven't you had enough bickering for today? We need to get on the road, anyway." He turned to the mage on the fractured statue, "Thanks, Alex, I'm sure Gwen'll love whatever you got her."
"Alright. Here." And with that a greenish-yellow notebook appeared, held shut with a red band.
"A book?" Ben said in disappointment.
"Yep, just, uh, make sure you don't open it 'till you get out of the city. Gifts are the best when there's some anticipation to 'em!"
She eyed the book, unsure what to make of it. "What kinda book is it?"
"A magic book. With some spells in it."
The two kids yelled in unison, "No way!!"
The mage nodded, "Way."
Gift delivered, Alex climbed down the rubble and started away, "Alright gang, I need to go. Remember what I said, Gwen, give yourself a bit of anticipation. Also go easy on your cousin, same goes for you Ben. Max, good luck with these two. Seem a handful."
"Heh, they can be..."
"Hey!" The two yelled in unison again.
"...but that's what makes them fun. I wouldn't have it any other way."
"Good to hear. Take care everyone, maybe we'll meet again."

? ? ? ? ?

Way outside the city limits, the Rust Bucket cruised down the highway to a well-known forest-shaded rest stop. Max was eager to get there, hoping to find an idle spot for some stargazing. He was already going over the food options for when they get there.
Ben, meanwhile, was on the seat at the rear on the RV. He tucked himself tight into a fetal position with a death-grip on a pillow wrapped around his ears. Outside this attempted sound barrier was both his cousin's gleeful laughter as well as a non-stop playback of his biggest verbal mistake:
"Gwen, you did a good job....Gwen, you did a good job...Gwen..."
Tears were rolling down her eyes as she kicked her legs up laughing. Deciding that this was enough torment for now, Gwen turned off the recorder, still snorting uncontrollably as Ben's eyes snapped open, noticing that he'd somehow survived.
"That was great," she let out in a giggle, "best part of this day."
Ben grumbled, plopping the pillow into his lap, "I would have thought reading your dumb book would've been the best part of your day."
Caught in the after of one big, final laugh, Gwen gasped, jumping onto her feet, "That's right! I still need to read this magic book. You think it's got potion recipes?"
"As if, I bet it was just some cheap book they bought off the tourist part of town. You'd be lucky if it's not a kids book! Hang on, lemme see."
Ben ran up to Gwen trying to snatch the book out of her grasp.
"Hands off, twerp! It's my gift!"
"I know, I just wanna see if it's...maaa-aagic."
"No way! Let go!"
The two loudly tustled with the book for a while, prompting Max to almost tell them to 'knock it off'. But, just as he was about to yell, the notebook flew out of their hands and slapped against the RV roof, where a grey disc popped out.
Gwen immediately recognised the shape and jumped at the disc, "A...a Charm of Bezel?!" 
"No way...but, how?!" Ben asked.
Max was surprised too, pulling over to look back at what Gwen had.

? ? ? ? ?

The three were now gathered around the table, with Gwen looking carefully over the charm. 
This one was inscribed with a Y-shaped line producing three segments each with their own shorter line.
She held it up, observing every pit and scratch, "Maybe that website was right, and there were actually six. I don't know how that could be, or why Hex didn't have this one." 
Her cousin was totally confused, "But why did Alex have it? Why they just give it to you? And why didn't they mention it?"
"You think that book has anything to do with it, Gwen?" Max asked.
"Oh, right! I forgot...again. Wait, where's the...?"
Max and Gwen spun around looking for the book, before very quickly turning their attention to the boy with the watch and a very guilty grin.
"Heh heh..." He pulled the book from behind his back, "I was just, ya know...making sure it wasn't some ripoff tourist edition or something." He handed the book to his cousin, "You can thank me later." He speedily said.
She scoffed, and opened up the book to the front. Her eyes found the first line and she began reading the opening pages aloud.

"
'Hi Gwen. 
You've probably already noticed my 'little gift' in the book. 
So, yes, there are six Charms of Bezel--'
"

"Ahem, I think that's supposed to say uh-one charm."
"Shhhh, dweeb! This is important!" Gwen said before continuing, her head filling with a whirlwind of thoughts. 

"
...'there are six Charms of Bezel, 
or rather five and one of them. 
As well as the Keystone of Bezel, 
but that will come later' ...?
" 

She paused, giving a puzzled look to the others.
Ben was just as spooked, "The 'Keystone' huh? That sounds like a problem."
Max shook his head, "It just never ends. Hah. Oh well, please keep going Gwen."

"
...'For now, know that the Charms were created, 
or found - no one is sure anymore, 
in order to represent and harness the aspects of life. 
These are levity (in both spirit and body), heat, energy, vivication, and serendipity. 
These aspects mean that the Charms have use even more broad than under Hex's use--'
"

Ben interrupted again, "Woah, woah, woah, woah, hold on. First up: what's 'serendipity'? Second, how the heck can such..." Ben stood up, pantomiming a sorceror, "...powerful magical charms from unknown times...get busted just by a shovel?"
"Well, to answer your first question, 'serendipity' means luck - fortunate actions that occur by accident." Gwen stated.
"Sooo, dumb luck? Gotcha. That explains why it suited you."
"Shut it, toad breath. But still, that is a good question. How were they broken so easily?"
The two fell silent for a while, pondering the question. Hoping to continue the reading, Max tried ending the silence, "Nothing last forever. Maybe those Charms had been used so much, they couldn't withstand much strain. Happens to more magical stuff than you'd think."
Ben side-eyed his grandpa, curious as to what he was alluding to, but as he was about to ask, a noise exploded from the surrounding forest.
Running outside, the three looked around, searching for some clue as to what that noise was. Forest cover was on both sides of the road, and twilight shrouded everything in a fading dim. Dozens of birds flew over the Rust Bucket, but other than that nothing happened. And then, everything was still.
"What was that?" Gwen wondered.
"Who knows." her grandpa answered, debating searching the area in case someone was hurt, "Maybe we can--"
Before he could finish, Ben ran for the forest on the other side of the highway, watch ready to go.
"Don't you worry, Grandpa! Wildmutt'll sniff out any trouble!"
Max's attempts to stop Ben weren't enough as the brigh red flash of the watch activating went off. However, instead of Wildmutt, the watch has chosen to give Ben Upgrade.
"What?? How am I supposed to search for anything like this??" His static-distorted voice asked.
Suddenly another explosion went off in the forest-cover behind the Rust Bucket, and Ben jumped up onto the roof, looking for the source. Uproarious laughter erupted from the woods, and Upgrade ran off to the sound.
Gwen and Max stayed behind, standing in front of the RV and gazing out into the dark trees area. 
"Let's head inside for now. Not much we can do in the dark." Max said, turning for the door.
No answer. No movement. 
Even if she couldn't see anything but the darkened forest, her eyes still focused on their shadows. There was an odd itch - she wanted to go. But, that itch was tempered with the voice to not forget who she was, and who she wasn't. 
Her hand still clutched the Charm, and it began squeezing hard now.
Even though she was terrified during her final hour of being a hero, a certain yearning lingered. She wanted to go out and try to tangle with whatever was out there. She wanted another chance. She wanted to help. 

? ...Lucky Girl would've helped. She would've been... ?

The redhead shook the thought from her mind, Ben can handle this. The Charm was still in her hand. She lifted it up, staring at the thing. 

? Would you give me the power...the power to be a hero again? ?

Again, she shook her head. 
It was selfish to desire such power. 
Plus she they hadn't even reached the part of the book that explains the darned thing's aspect. Using it without knowing would only put herself in danger. 

? Am I being too impulsive right now? ...Or maybe I do need this. ?

...It wasn't so easy to figure out her thoughts on the matter.  
Where was she leaning towards right now? 
Before, she walked around proud with her luck abilities flowing through her. Ever since though, she felt a bit...less.
No good would come out of her just standing around here, so she decided to go inside for now.
Might as well wait for Ben to return, so they could finish reading the notebook.

? ? ? ? ?






She went on, 

"
...'The six, they say, was created to balance out the others, since six was considered a whole number unlike five. The six represents and harnesses 'balance'. But not dynamic balance, more like in stability theory--'
"

"Like in what?? Did I have to study for this reading?" Ben yelled.
"Do you have to interrupt every freaking time, dweeb??" 
Ben readied an insult, "Oh you just--"
Max cut in, "Ben. It's really important that we read this now. Can you calm down for a little bit?"
Gwen victoriously stuck out her tongue at her cousin before lifting the book and continuing, 

"
...'Like in stability theory, in which all forces are equal and opposing, and therefore cancel each other out. 
Sounds it's a bit abstract, maybe it is, but that's how I understand it's descriptions. 
I guess you will have to find out what that means in practice. 
As for why I gave you the Charm, instead of, say Max, or even Ben--'
" 

"...pssh, as if..." She not so quietly mused.
"Hey!"

"
...'instead of, say Max, or even Ben or holding onto it myself? 
This is a test. 
Only magical beings can use the Charms. 
Meaning, 
that since you can use them, then you can use magic. 
This book has a bunch of spells, 
but only some are for the Charm. 
So. 
Learn as many as you can, 
I don't know which work for the Charm and which don't.'
"
????????????????????????????????????????????
????????????????????????????????????????????
????????????????????????????????????????????
